// Comments of C++ style
// Empty lines and comments will be ignored, except comment line
// that contains '['

// Each line contains: the item's image name, property 1, property 2, ...

////[    img_name             color
agent/robot_1.jpg             na
block/brick_1.jpg             na
goal/fruit/apple_1.jpg        red
goal/fruit/apple_2.jpg        blue
goal/fruit/apple_3.jpg              green
goal/fruit/avocado_1.jpg            yellow
goal/fruit/avocado_2.jpg            green
goal/fruit/avocado_3.jpg            green
goal/fruit/banana_1.jpg             yellow
goal/fruit/banana_2.jpg             yellow
goal/fruit/blueberry_1.jpg          blue
goal/animal/butterfly_1.jpg          na
goal/animal/butterfly_2.jpg          blue
goal/animal/butterfly_3.jpg          na
goal/fruit/cabbage_1.jpg            green
goal/fruit/cabbage_2.jpg            green
goal/fruit/cabbage_3.jpg            green
goal/animal/cat_1.jpg                na
goal/animal/cat_2.jpg                na
goal/animal/cat_3.jpg                yellow
goal/fruit/cherry_1.jpg             red
goal/fruit/cherry_2.jpg             red
goal/fruit/cherry_3.jpg             red
goal/fruit/coconut_1.jpg            na
goal/fruit/cucumber_1.jpg           green
goal/fruit/cucumber_2.jpg           green
goal/fruit/cucumber_3.jpg           green
goal/animal/deer_1.jpg               na
goal/animal/deer_2.jpg               na
goal/animal/deer_3.jpg               na
goal/animal/dog_1.jpg                na
goal/animal/dog_2.jpg                na
goal/animal/dog_3.jpg                na
goal/animal/elephant_1.jpg           na
goal/animal/elephant_2.jpg           na
goal/animal/elephant_3.jpg           na
goal/fruit/fig_1.jpg                na
goal/animal/fish_1.jpg               na
goal/animal/fish_2.jpg               na
goal/animal/fish_3.jpg               na
goal/animal/frog_1.jpg               green
goal/animal/frog_2.jpg               na
goal/animal/frog_3.jpg               green
goal/fruit/grape_1.jpg              blue
goal/fruit/grape_2.jpg              blue
goal/fruit/grape_3.jpg              blue
goal/animal/hedgehog_1.jpg           na
goal/animal/hedgehog_2.jpg           na
goal/animal/hedgehog_3.jpg           na
goal/animal/ladybug_1.jpg            red
goal/animal/ladybug_2.jpg            red
goal/animal/ladybug_3.jpg            red
goal/fruit/lemon_1.jpg              yellow
goal/fruit/lemon_2.jpg              yellow
goal/fruit/lemon_3.jpg              yellow
goal/animal/lion_1.jpg               na
goal/animal/lion_2.jpg               na
goal/animal/lion_3.jpg               na
goal/animal/monkey_1.jpg             na
goal/animal/monkey_2.jpg             na
goal/animal/monkey_3.jpg             na
goal/animal/octopus_1.jpg            na
goal/animal/octopus_2.jpg            na
goal/animal/octopus_3.jpg            red
goal/fruit/orange_1.jpg             na
goal/fruit/orange_2.jpg             na
goal/animal/owl_1.jpg                na
goal/animal/owl_2.jpg                na
goal/animal/owl_3.jpg                na
goal/animal/panda_1.jpg              na
goal/animal/panda_2.jpg              na
goal/animal/panda_3.jpg              na
goal/animal/penguin_1.jpg            na
goal/animal/penguin_2.jpg            na
goal/fruit/pineapple_1.jpg          yellow
goal/fruit/pineapple_2.jpg          yellow
goal/fruit/pineapple_3.jpg          yellow
goal/fruit/pumpkin_1.jpg            na
goal/fruit/pumpkin_2.jpg            na
goal/fruit/pumpkin_3.jpg            yellow
goal/animal/rabbit_1.jpg             na
goal/animal/rabbit_2.jpg             na
goal/animal/rabbit_3.jpg             na
goal/animal/snake_1.jpg              na
goal/animal/snake_2.jpg              na
goal/animal/snake_3.jpg              green
goal/animal/squirrel_1.jpg           na
goal/animal/squirrel_2.jpg           na
goal/animal/squirrel_3.jpg           na
goal/fruit/strawberry_1.jpg         red
goal/fruit/strawberry_2.jpg         red
goal/fruit/strawberry_3.jpg         red
goal/animal/turkey_1.jpg             na
goal/animal/turkey_2.jpg             na
goal/animal/turtle_1.jpg             green
goal/animal/turtle_2.jpg             green
goal/animal/turtle_3.jpg             na
goal/fruit/watermelon_1.jpg         red
goal/fruit/watermelon_2.jpg         red
goal/fruit/watermelon_3.jpg         red
goal/color/red_1.jpg                red
goal/color/red_2.jpg                red
goal/color/red_3.jpg                red
goal/color/blue_1.jpg               blue
goal/color/blue_2.jpg               blue
goal/color/blue_3.jpg               blue
goal/color/green_1.jpg              green
goal/color/green_2.jpg              green
goal/color/green_3.jpg              green
goal/color/yellow_1.jpg             yellow
goal/color/yellow_2.jpg             yellow
goal/color/yellow_3.jpg             yellow
goal/shape/circle_1.jpg             red
goal/shape/circle_2.jpg             yellow
goal/shape/circle_3.jpg             green
goal/shape/circle_4.jpg             blue
goal/shape/square_1.jpg             yellow
goal/shape/square_2.jpg             red
goal/shape/square_3.jpg             blue
goal/shape/square_4.jpg             green
goal/shape/star_1.jpg               red
goal/shape/star_2.jpg               yellow
goal/shape/star_3.jpg               blue
goal/shape/star_4.jpg               green
goal/shape/triangle_1.jpg           blue
goal/shape/triangle_2.jpg           green
goal/shape/triangle_3.jpg           yellow
goal/shape/triangle_4.jpg           red
